The Killing and maming of a trapped
civilian population the obvious horrors
of Israel's war on Gaza this obvious the
slow death from being a stared the
residents of Gaza lived under a crushing
land and Naval blockade even long before
the war in the last 8 months Israel has
tightened its Chuck hold on supplies and
squeezed people into tighter
spaces in the house where I live there
are so many people sleeping on the floor
you can't even walk they're even filling
the hallways and regarding the prices of
food that's a different world a
different War it's a war in and of
itself residents say what cost less than
a dollar before the war is now selling
for five1 even $30 the rising cost of
everything is so frustrating some say
bombings seem more merciful than the
slow death from starvation for month now
not only the Israeli military has pushed
Palestinians into internal displacement
but it has enforced a suffocating
blockade on the Gaza Strip severely
limiting the entry of essential goods
and Food Supplies into the small Enclave
this blockade has led to severe scarcity
of basic necessities triggering a sharp
Spike of food prices it's an
intensification of The Siege Israel has
imposed on the Strip since Hamas took
power in 2007 Street vendors who survive
on daily earnings now can't turn a
profit even if they have something to
sell they say most people can't
pay in the past 10 days I lost 50% of my
Capital maybe more and it's not just me
it's everybody as food and prices sore
to unprecedented levels people here say
regulations to keep a prices affordable
is not working and international AED
groups criticize Israel for what they
describe as a deliberate attempt to
starve the people of Gaza hanim Mahmud
Al jazer from the central area of the
Gaza Strip
Palestine make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer